afk        alias      allow      assist     auction    autoloot
autosplit  away       bet        bid        bounty     bug        
calculator camp       charge     clan       close      color      
commands   compare    congrat    consider   credits    deflect    
deposit    depositall donate     down       drink      drop       
east       eat        emote      enter      equipment  examine    
fill       flee       fly        focus      follow     get        
give       grats      group      gsay       gtell      help       
hit        hold       holler     house      idea       info       
inventory  jog        junk       kill       land       learn      
learned    list       lock       look       lp         mail       
motd       music      noooc      norepeat   norole     north      
noshout    notell     ooc        open       order      osay       
package    page       password   pk         plant      pour       
powerdown  powerup    prompt     push       pushup     put        
qsay       quit       quote      race       read       recall     
receive    remove     reply      report     rescue     rest       
return     roleplay   rolldice   rp         save       say        
scan       score      scouter    sell       sense      shout      
sip        sit        situp      sleep      smoke      socials    
south      spar       split      stand      stat       status     
suicide    swallow    take       tell       time       title      
topplayers trade      training   transport  typo       unlock     
up         value      visible    wake       wear       west       
where      whisper    who        whois      wield      wimpy      
wish       withdraw   withdrawall wizlist    write

Clan commands: Recruit, Promote, Demote, Boot, Elect, cquit, clanwho.
